In the previous videos you have showed how to make a scene movie.
In this video I'm going to show you that we can use actually the same code to move a real robot like
for example the total book too.
So in this video I'm going to show what some modification you have to do on the to see motion script
in order to make that real robot that'll work to movie.
So let's see how it works.
First of all let me remind about the code so this is the code that we need for that to see more of what
we do find a Makes move for word game.
On the topic title one CMT event and here another function that is a state that makes the robot rotating
and he will win just to execute more of 0.3 meters.
OK.
The backwards action.
And then it would rotate in the clockwise direction.
Now execute the code for him to see what I need to start to score and then play up and you tell me that
I'm going to run the total simulator on the same note.
OK so you have the simulator here and then we all started because the sensors and then we have to see
him back.
OK.
And you can see now it going backwards.
And then he could hit it in the clockwise direction.
So what we want to make every little bit training and moving should we make too much changes in this
video.
I'm going to illustrate this on about two simulator.
And by the way the same code can be also executed on the but to Robert let the first the close to him.
Ok now I'm going to start to call back to you later.
So I assume that you have already installed that too.
If not you can do all pretty good things and then press my schematic and then you make turtle but dash
stuck if you don't after that.
Executed in this case you have to execute this command.
OK so it is now creating 20 packages.
But it's already installed on my computer so it is just upgrading for now.
Now it's finished.
And then we start to the commanders lounge underscored stage and then to the stage book launch.
So this is going to start the start of boat simulator OK let me explain these interfaces.
So the first interface is called armies.
This one and this is actually very useful.
You can use interface trusts which is called Cross visualization.
What are these.
It allows you to show the map a little bit and all its characteristics.
For example here you can see this is the robot model.
It can check or uncheck.
You can see it here you can see for example here it is a scanner information they're going to study
this in the future lectures.
So I can use this a little bit to see the sights.
So there are a lot of characteristics that really cannot tell you the location of the obstacles.
OK so we have an obstacle here and that's an obstacle here using the laser scanner.
We're going to have a complete chapter about these or something like that.
So what you know about is their scanners and you can do a lot of things here but I'm going just to develop
a small program that makes this robot more and another interface is this stage suited.
So stage is a simulator of robots.
We can also give you some data.
So this is the laser scanner but you can see here and this is where we see an obstacle.
We're not in here because of the laser is looking at these obstacles at these distances.
OK.
So this is not important for us for the moment.
What is important is how to make use of actually for this.
And the first thing that you see is the list of topics available as using the
unhearing find a lot of topics.
It's different from what I've seen not only three or four topics that really have a lot of topics.
Of course several of them are made medication some others are made it to the camera and some of those
formations are what is important for now is to know what he's picked the pace.
And here you can see several topics starting to see and be ready.
OK.
Does it tell you that the topic that makes the robot mode is mix especially for slushed video.
So if you want to make more it's very simple.
I mean just don't use the Sims 3 and change the topic.
Body needs input.
I'm going to do that.
So this is the topic that is used in the day before.
But see what it does.
OK so open can use us for and then check what's what's happening here.
So the type of message is it's exactly the same as the message side of events.
Of these.
Basically the message strike or even the last month.
This is the list of publishers and subscribers.
So now if we go to misfiled to see underscored by so I have talked about that more exactly to see something
seen the point of pirate.
So the only way to do is the name of the topic on this.
Look here interrupted see in the CBD the topic is just a little lost on you.
You have to be this topic name of the company.
Here in the name of the command and command of it is going to be useful.
So they have to make sure that that is me.
OK.
Another to go the same experiment.
I didn't change anything.
So if you compare the calls for a to see and you can go turtle but it's exactly the same.
But when you hear one of them to calculate the distance using this multiplied by time.
So in this example I'm going to use the median distance because the way has been present in a pool but
it's different from the way how the force is represented.
See we're going to see this is a bigger stage so I was just using the simple formula that these things
must be equal to the speed multiplied by the curation all the time.
And same here for the rotation the angle didn't and B B and the low speed multiplied by the duration
of time.
OK I don't need this go to work function for the moment but I'm going to spin it here and we'll just
move the 0.3 meters in the backwards direction of the gunfire or the action and then rotate clockwise
90 degrees.
OK let's see how it works.
OK so now I'm going to make some of them move.
OK here I'm going to move a distance 1.5 Earth speed point five before that action
rotate 90 degrees.
So you there's a bunch of these later and then make that up.
And then rotating continuously so does is exactly the same speed as the turtle soup with absolutely
no difference.
I can only go over one point five meters.
But what about actually.
And then for example the turn of the clockwise monkey with the
Molly Barkworth then that counter-clockwise is really what happens onto how you let go.
But you have the balls for the nerve to make the cotton ball too much money.
So here something that this imitates Mozart and in between he's saying go lucky or
bucket
is doing this for less than the more buffler
battledore.
And then Winterton if you degassing go and try and find out if you have a daughter who just just go
scope it you are talking to or what you have her when you see the novel is going to behave exactly the
same as in the simulator and this is why it also is very powerful because you can get over the same
code.
You can test the game simulator and then you can run it on the cover without any problem.